You win, you win, you win.
Hahahaha
Did you see it?
Ye Wuji won
That's Ouyang Xuanji's disciple of my Canglan Sect
Xiyue actually lost
What kind of supermarket are these Promises?
Afraid
Afterlife is scary
This kid's current strength
I'm afraid even an old eighth-grade grandmaster like me
No match for him
Why is Master like this?
Even you
Xie is not a business-level opponent?
I'm not his match at all
That kid's move is powerful enough to destroy the sky and the earth
It should be noted that there is also a gap between gurus
The strength of this kid
I'm afraid he is already the strongest grandmaster
The Strongest Grandmaster
Society can't be too exaggerated
That's not an exaggeration.
This wine can't be tasted
I am afraid that no one in this immortal cultivation world is his opponent
It's really the Yangtze River that pushes the waves forward
disciple
You must not provoke this Grandmaster Ye in the future
Otherwise, I, Canopy Sword Sect
There is no sin of annihilation
It's a crime
I will never provoke Ye Wuji again in the future
Oh, no.
Master Ye Tianxiao Zhenren, how is it now?
Is it my freesia camp?
Oops, I didn't expect a night Wuji
Let me
The clouds are always so thorough
Ouyang Xuanji
You wolves didn't win this game
Hahahaha, I'm so comfortable.
Go go go
I want to see this new greatest master in person
Wuji, come and meet you seniors
Master Wuji be careful